feat(logstash): clients logstash output structured metadata support (#10899)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/get-started/labels/structured-metadata.md

Alternatively, you can use the Grafana Agent or Promtail to extract and attach structured metadata to your log lines.
See the [Promtail: Structured metadata stage]({{< relref "../../send-data/promtail/stages/structured_metadata" >}}) for more information.

> Support has been added to the logstash output starting with version 1.2.0.  See [logstash]({{< relref "../../send-data/logstash/_index.md" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Loki version 1.2.0, support for structured metadata has been added to the Logstash output plugin. For more information, see [logstash]({{< relref "../../send-data/logstash/_index.md" >}}).
```
